[Music]
it was supposed to be a routine prisoner
transport Williams was arrested on the
suspicion of murdering six rail workers
the bodies were hung and decapitated but
here million miles from home they're
about to discover is what it seems
with a situation nobody of them wants
but inside the hell is going on it
whatever used to live here
we woke it up it takes us I'm talking
about it kind of possession
something's kicking out there need us we
need you
none of us can survive stick together
come on Tom Stier lad
the time I saved your life
from the master of terror
John Carpenter's ghost of Mars damn girl
I'm like you already